Provide day-to-day support for all internal hotel IT systems and users, minimizing any system outages

Record all issues that arise and advise the IT Manager of any issues that need further attention

Recommend system improvements to the IT Manager

Communicate with the hotel Business Center Team to respond to any Guest-related IT requirements

Maintains a tracking system of all repairs, routine maintenance, and special service requests for all technology equipment.

Responsible for performing Technology Services asset management and inventory of equipment and software. 

Assists Information System Manager in his/her duties as in compliance with Hilton standards.  

Performs all installations, set-ups, and breakdown of Audio Visual, Communications, Networking, and IT equipment in Meeting Rooms, Guest Rooms and hotel work areas. 

Provides end-user (external guest and internal guest) support / training for hardware and software issues. 

Listens to and resolves all internal and external guest concerns to the satisfaction of the parties involved. If necessary authorizes billing adjustments. 

To comply with the Hilton brand standard.

 Determines specific system requirements by working with hotel users

Prepares reports as requested to develop improved management decision making and critical evaluation of work activities.

Assist to Installs and implements and maintains business systems at the hotel level

Assist to monitors and maintain proper inventory of system supplies; insures proper use of systems by training and educating hotel users.

Maintain comprehensive service log; maintain a reliable and useable data backup procedure to enable quick and accurate restoration.

Gives personal attention, takes personal responsibility and uses teamwork when providing guest services.

Listens, apologises with empathy, finds a solution and follows through when resolving guest problems.

Ensures a 100% consistency in Brand Service Standard delivery in all areas and reviews on a regular basis 